That's not possible.
The questions given by the official family are all wrong
And probably both
It never happens.
Even if both answers correctly at the same time, it is extremely rare
What if you answer both questions correctly?
It depends on who gets it fast and who gets it right
Hey, by the way, who did the Liang family send?
I don't know, but it is said that it is also an expert invited.
Mr. Liang
Long time no see
This is Master Xie
Oops, I thought today's Dou Bao conference
What experts can you meet?
As a result, one depends on luck to eat first
Another unknown
disappointed
Are you moving forward?
Hmm, that's right
You know me?
It seems that you are also in the circle
Unlike that guy
Did you know
Who did you learn from before?
Hou Lao used to be a servant of Lao Zhang's family
The one from Lao Zhang's family must be known in the circle
He was a gold digger
What about my master?
Quietly learned a lot from him
Later, he washed his hands in gold
Taught my master a lot
My master has today
Then did your Hou Lao tell you?
The one from Lao Zhang's house
In his later years, he received a personal disciple
How do you know?
Because that person is me